.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 OpenStack, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH swift-container-updater 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B swift-container-updater
\- Openstack-swift container updater

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-container-updater 
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose] [-o|--once]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
There are times when container or account data can not be immediately updated. 
This usually occurs during failure scenarios or periods of high load. If an 
update fails, the update is queued locally on the filesystem, and the updater
will process the failed updates. This is where an eventual consistency window
will most likely come in to play. For example, suppose a container server is 
under load and a new object is put in to the system. The object will be 
immediately available for reads as soon as the proxy server responds to the 
client with success. However, the container server did not update the object 
listing, and so the update would be queued for a later update. Container listings,
therefore, may not immediately contain the object.

.PPIn practice, the consistency window is only as large as the frequency at which 
the updater runs and may not even be noticed as the proxy server will route 
listing requests to the first container server which responds. The server under
load may not be the one that serves subsequent listing requests – one of the other
two replicas may handle the listing.

The options are as follows:

    -v
    --verbose
    		log to console
    		    
    -o
    --once
     	only run one pass of daemon
   
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More indepth documentation in regards to 
.BI swift-container-updater
and also about Openstack-Swift as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://swift.openstack.org/index.html

.SH FILES
.IP "\fI/usr/share/doc/swift-container/container-server.conf-sample\fR" 4
Sample configuration file for swift-container services 
.IP "\fI/etc/init.d/swift-container-updater\fR" 4
Container updater init.d script	

.SH AUTHOR
Originally written by Joao Marcelo Martins <btorch@gmail.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR container-server.conf(5)
