.\"
.\" Author: Joao Marcelo Martins <marcelo.martins@rackspace.com> or <btorch@gmail.com>
.\" Copyright (c) 2010-2011 OpenStack, LLC.
.\"
.\" Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\" you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\" You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\"
.\"    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\" Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\" distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
.\" implied.
.\" See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\" limitations under the License.
.\"  
.TH swift-account-reaper 1 "8/26/2011" "Linux" "OpenStack Swift"

.SH NAME 
.LP
.B swift-account-reaper
\- Openstack-swift account reaper

.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.B swift-account-reaper 
[CONFIG] [-h|--help] [-v|--verbose] [-o|--once]

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP
Removes data from status=DELETED accounts. These are accounts that have
been asked to be removed by the reseller via services remove_storage_account
XMLRPC call. 
.PP
The account is not deleted immediately by the services call, but instead
the account is simply marked for deletion by setting the status column in
the account_stat table of the account database. This account reaper scans
for such accounts and removes the data in the background. The background
deletion process will occur on the primary account server for the account.

The options are as follows:

    -v
    --verbose
    		log to console
    
    -o
    --once
     	only run one pass of daemon
    
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.LP
More indepth documentation in regards to 
.BI swift-object-auditor 
and also about Openstack-Swift as a whole can be found at 
.BI http://swift.openstack.org/index.html

.SH FILES
.IP "\fI/usr/share/doc/swift-account/account-server.conf-sample\fR" 4
Sample configuration file for swift-account services 
.IP "\fI/etc/init.d/swift-account-reaper\fR" 4
Account reaper init.d script	

.SH AUTHOR
Originally written by Joao Marcelo Martins <btorch@gmail.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR account-server.conf(5)
